docs: Add "Keeping Branch Up to Date and Resolving Merge Conflicts" section (#123)
open-sauced/guestbook: README.md

10. Go to your forked repository on GitHub and [create a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).

## Keeping Branch Up to Date and Resolving Merge Conflicts

> Merge conflicts are something you'll commonly encounter when contributing to an open source project. They usually occur when there are changes on the same line(s) in the same file(s) from two different branches.

Author: I fixed this and used the word "commonly" here :)

> Since the main purpose of the guestbook is to add your name to `.all-contributorsrc` and the `README.md` files, there is a high chance that you will encounter merge conflicts that you need to resolve before your pull request (PR) can be merged. It happens when maintainers have merged PRs before yours while you're working on your changes or waiting for your PR to be reviewed.

Author: I have fixed this as well :)

2. Pull the latest changes with this command:

   ```bash
   git pull origin main
   ```

### Resolving Merge Conflicts

Follow these steps to resolve the merge conflicts:

1. In the `.all-contributorsrc` file:

   - Click the "Accept Both Change" option on the top of your workspace in VSCode.
   - Move your profile details to the end of the contributors array and fix anything necessary.

2. In the `README.md` file:

   - Click the "Accept Incoming Change" option on the top of your workspace in VSCode for each conflict in this file.

3. Run `npm run contributors:generate`.

   You will now see that the all contributors badge has been incremented, and your profile is generated at the end of the contributors list in the `README.md` file.

4. Add and commit your changes.

   ```bash
   git commit -am "Resolve merge conflicts"
   ```

5. Push your commits to your remote branch.

   ```bash
   git push
   ```

Congratulations on your first contribution! 🎉

## What's Next?

You can add this contribution to your [OpenSauced](https://opensauced.pizza) resume and profile as [outlined in the course](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/blob/main/05-how-to-contribute-to-open-source.md).

> Hungry for more contributions? Check out our [pizza verse](https://github.com/open-sauced/pizza) repository and join us in celebrating pizza!🍕😄

Author: I finally came up with this idea for the title, so folks won't miss it. :)
Any thoughts?

Reviewer: I like @adiati98.

10. Go to your forked repository on GitHub and [create a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).

## Keeping Branch Up to Date and Resolving Merge Conflicts

> Due to open source collaboration culture, it is common to encounter merge conflicts when contributing to an open source project. Merge conflicts usually occur when there are changes on the same line(s) in the same file(s) from two different branches.

Reviewer: [suggestion] It's a good start, but it could be a bit more casual and clearer. Remember, most of the contributors are beginners, so we need to convey this information in an easy-to-read format. 
```suggestion
Merge conflicts are something you'll encounter a lot when contributing to an open source project. They usually occur when there are changes on the same line(s) in the same file(s) from two different branches.
```

Author: In that case, I rather use the word "common" than "a lot".
For beginners in open source, merge conflicts are something terrifying. So reading the word "a lot" can discourage them if they don't have smooth first experience.

How about: 

Merge conflicts are something you'll *commonly* encounter when contributing to an open source project. They usually occur when there are changes on the same line(s) in the same file(s) from two different branches.

> All contributors contributing to this repository will go through the same process: adding themselves to the end of the contributors array in the `.all-contributorsrc` file and generating the `README.md` file.
> 
> With the same files and lines to modify, there is a high potential that you will encounter merge conflicts that you need to resolve before your pull request (PR) can be merged. It happens when maintainers have merged PRs before yours while you're working on your changes or waiting for your PR to be reviewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 

Since the main purpose of the guestbook to add your name to  `.all-contributorsrc` and the `README.md` files, there is a high chance that you will encounter merge conflicts that you need to resolve before your pull request (PR) can be merged. It happens when maintainers have merged PRs before yours while you're working on your changes or waiting for your PR to be reviewed.
```

In this section, we will walk you through how to keep your branch up to date and how to resolve conflicts for this project.

### Keeping Branch Up to Date

Before resolving conflicts, your branch has to be in sync with the latest changes in the `main` branch of the original (`upstream`) repository.

First, you must update your forked (`origin`) repository:

> 1. Go to your forked repository on GitHub.
> 2. Click the "Sync fork" button.
> 3. Click the green "Update branch" button.

Reviewer: [suggestion] I think it would be beneficial to add screenshots that convey each step. It'll help people who are new to open source and GitHub gain a better understanding of this process. To help you, I added comments on where to put them. 
```suggestion
1. Go to your forked repository on GitHub.
{/* add screenshot here */}
2. Click the "Sync fork" button.
{/* add screenshot here */}
3. Click the green "Update branch" button.
{/* add screenshot here */}
```

Author: As I mentioned before, I have a screen recorder (GIF) for visualization. But I don't know how I add them here right now.

I'm waiting until this PR is merged so I can drag and drop them later directly on GitHub :)

Then, pull the latest changes in the `main` branch in the `origin` repository to your local working branch by following these steps in your terminal:

1. Go to your working branch.

   ```bash
   git checkout <your-branch-name>
   ```

2. Pull the latest changes with this command:

   ```bash
   git pull origin main
   ```

### Resolving Merge Conflicts

Follow these steps to resolve the merge conflicts:

> 1. In the `.all-contributorsrc` file:
> 
>    - Click the "Accept Both Change" option on the top of your workspace in VSCode.
>    - Move your profile details to the end of the contributors array and fix anything necessary.
> 
> 2. In the `README.md` file:
> 
>    - Click the "Accept Incoming Change" option on the top of your workspace in VSCode for each conflict in this file.
> 
> 3. Run `npm run contributors:generate`.
> 
>    You will now see that the all contributors badge has been incremented, and your profile is generated at the end of the contributors list in the `README.md` file.
> 

Reviewer: [suggestion] Again, adding screenshots would help convey the steps more clearly. 
```suggestion
1. In the `.all-contributorsrc` file:
   - Click the "Accept Both Change" option on the top of your workspace in VSCode.
   {/* add screenshot here */}
   - Move your profile details to the end of the contributors array and fix anything necessary.
   
   {/* add screenshot here */}

2. In the `README.md` file:

   - Click the "Accept Incoming Change" option on the top of your workspace in VSCode for each conflict in this file.

3. Run `npm run contributors:generate`.

   You will now see that the all contributors badge has been incremented, and your profile is generated at the end of the contributors list in the `README.md` file.
   
   {/* add screenshot here */}

```

4. Add and commit your changes.

   ```bash
   git commit -am "Resolve merge conflicts"
   ```

5. Push your commits to your remote branch.

   ```bash
   git push
   ```

> ## Congratulations on your first contribution! 🎉
> 
> You can add this contribution to your [OpenSauced](https://opensauced.pizza) resume and profile as [outlined in the course](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/blob/main/05-how-to-contribute-to-open-source.md)!

Reviewer: [suggestion] This seems best suited as a standalone paragraph instead of a heading. Also, mention the pizza verse repository so that new contributors can continue to grow their skills. 
```suggestion
Congratulations on your first contribution! 🎉 You can add this contribution to your [open source](https://opensauced.pizza) resume and profile as [outlined in the course](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/blob/main/05-how-to-contribute-to-open-source.md)!
Hungry for more contributions? Check out our [pizza verse](https://github.com/open-sauced/pizza) repository and join us in celebrating pizza! 😄 🍕 
```

Author: It was a standalone paragraph. But I added the title to make it noticable so folks won't missed it because we have much longer "Getting Started" section.

I believe we still need to make this paragraph noticable. Would an `<hr>` after the "Resolving Conflicts" section work better here than a title?
